<div id="legal-paragraf">
    <h2>1. Introduction</h2>
    <p>
        This Privacy Policy sets out how we, Datamap AG (“Datamap”), use and protect your personal data that you provide to us, or that is otherwise obtained or generated by us, in connection with your use of our cloud-based services (the “Services”), especially POSMO (“POSMO”). For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, ‘we’, ‘us’ and ‘our’ refers to Datamap, and ‘you’ refers to you, the user of the Services.
    </p>
    <h3>1.1. Datamap Pledge</h3>
    <p>
        At Datamap, integrity is indispensable to our mission. We act with honesty and adhere to the highest standards of moral and ethical values and principles through our personal and professional behavior.
    </p>
    <p>
        All employees, collaborators, research partners of Datamap take a pledge to have read and approved this privacy policy and ascertain to value our users data as much as their own.
    </p>
    <p>
        Named and dated pledges will be listed at the end of the document.
    </p>
    <p>
        Pledges extend to any further versions of the Privacy Policy.
    </p>
    <h3>1.2 Privacy Principles</h3>
    <p>
        Datamap has some fundamental principles when it comes to collecting and processing private data:
    </p>
    <p>
    <ul>
        <li>We will abstain from doing harm. We consider the longer-term consequences of our decisions</li>
        <li>We have skin in the game and encourage the same for users, partners and customers</li>
        <li>We will never use your data otherwise than stated.</li>
        <li>We store the data that Datamap uses securly. We inform you where it is stored.</li>
        <li>We inform you, if there is any security breach as soon as we are made aware of it.</li>
        <li>When we work with other services, partners, customers together, we’ll list them</li>
        <li>We are fully compliant with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (1).</li>
        <li>We monitor the current debate about AI closely and are inspired by the development of ethical frameworks for AI, e.g. AI4People (2). The core principles: Beneficence, Non-Maleficence, Autonomy, Justice and Explicability are shared by us as well.</li>
    </ul>
    </p>
    <h3>1.3. Table of Contents</h3>
    <p>
        This Privacy Policy explains the following:
    <ol>
        <li>what personal data we may collect from you;</li>
        <li>how we keep your personal data safe;</li>
        <li>what we may use your personal data for;</li>
        <li>who your personal data may be shared with; and</li>
        <li>your rights regarding your personal data.</li>
    </ol>
    </p>
    <h3>1.4. Data Protection Officer (EU: Data Controller)</h3>
    <p>
        If you have concerns about the way Datamap is handling your personal information and data, please let us know immediately. We want to help. You may email us at <a href="mailto:privacy@datamap.io">privacy@datamap.io</a> with the subject line "Privacy Concerns". We will respond promptly - within 7 days at the least.
    </p>
    <p>You may also contact our Data Protection Officer directly.Send your letter to:</p>
    <p>
        Datamap<br />Roger Fischer<br />Am Wasser 59<br />8049 Zurich<br />Switzerland
    </p>
    <h2>2. What Personal Data We Use</h2>
    <h3>2.1. Basic Account Data</h3>
    <p>You provide your email and/or mobile number and basic account data (which may include profile name, profile picture and about information) to create a Datamap/POSMO account.</p>
    <p>The email has the following purposes:</p>
    <ul>
        <li>password recovery email</li>
        <li>necessary information about our Services (e.g. change of the privacy policy etc.)</li>
    </ul>
    <p>We will not use this email for marketing or newsletter purposes, unless you will opt in to such a service at a later stage.</p>
    <h3>2.2. Your Movement Data</h3>
    <h4>2.2.1. POSMO Segments App</h4>
    <p>When using our POSMO Segments App you start and stop the recording of movement data. Once you stop, you can save the data. When you save the data, the data leaves your device and is synchronized with our backend servers. This means, your data is now also stored in the cloud and is available via the web on your personal account at posmo.datamap.io.</p>
    <p>
        User Data: UUID identifier<br />
        Phone Data: Identifier, Model, System, Battery Usage<br />
        Location Data: Latitude, Longitude, Altitude, Speed, Direction, Pressure<br />
        Motion Data: Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Magnetometer, Heading<br />
        Time Data: Timestamps for specific sensors<br />
    </p>
    <p>From your personal account, you can download the data as csv (text with comma separated values) and inspect it. You can also delete your data. 
    </p>
    <h4>2.3.2 POSMO One App</h4>
    <p>
        User Data: UUID identifier<br />
        Optional: User Name; optional, but stronly recommended: Age, Gender, PLZ, City<br />
        Phone Data: Identifier, Model, System, Battery Usage<br />
        Location Data: Opened Places<br />
        Location Tracking Data: Latitude, Longitude, Altitude, Speed, Direction, Pressure, Sensor Data, e.g. Accelerometer<br />
        Machine Learning Data<br /></p>
    <p>When using our POSMO One App movement data is automatically recorded unless you switch to "Do Not Track". The data is either sent continously to our backend servers or once you are in a Wi-Fi environment. This means, your data is now also stored in the cloud and is 
       available via the web on your personal account at https://posmo.datamap.io.</p>
    <p>From your personal account, you can download the data as csv (text with comma separated values) and inspect it. You can also delete your data. 
    </p>
    <h4>2.3.3 POSMO B App (unpublished)</h4>
    <p>
      User Data: UUID identifier, Age<br />
      (Optional: User Name)<br />
      Phone Data: Identifier, Model, System, Battery Usage<br />
      Location Data: Selected Places<br />
      (Optional, when tracking is on:<br />
      Location Data: Latitude, Longitude, Altitude, Speed, Direction, Pressure<br />
      Machine Learning Data)<br />
    </p>
     <h4>2.3.4 POSMO Project App</h4>
    <p>
      User Data: UUID identifier<br />
      Optional: User Name; optional, but stronly recommended: Age, Gender, PLZ, City<br />
      Phone Data: Identifier, Model, System, Battery Usage<br />
      Location Data: Opened Places<br />
      Location Tracking Data: Latitude, Longitude, Altitude, Speed, Direction, Pressure, Sensor Data, e.g. Accelerometer<br />
      Machine Learning Data<br />
    </p>
     <p>When using our POSMO One App movement data is automatically recorded unless you switch to "Do Not Track". The data is either sent 
      continously to our backend servers or once you are in a Wi-Fi. This means, your data is now also stored in the cloud and is 
      available via the web on your personal account at https://posmo.datamap.io.</p>
      <p>From your personal account, you can download the data as csv (text with comma separated values) and inspect it. You can also delete your data. 
    </p>
    
    <h3>2.4. JSON Web Tokens (JWT)</h3>
    <p>
        We use JSON Web Tokens for authorization requests and to operate and provide our Services on the web. We do not use tracking cookies. JSON Web Tokens are an open industry standard (RFC 7519), a method for representing claims securely between two parties. When a user logs in, the JSON Web Token is saved in the HTML5 Local Storage of the browser, along with basic user profile information that needs to be present when the page is refreshed.
    </p>
    <h3>2.5. Usage and User Analytics (Matomo or Google Analytics, Fabric)</h3>
    <p>
        To understand how our apps and services on the web perform, we need usage and user analytics. On the web, we currently use Google Analytics. We plan to switch to Matomo (see <a target="_blank" href="https://matomo.org">https://matomo.org</a>) in the near future, as we consider it a healthier alternative. We will also use analytics tools in our iOS and Android apps to track app crashes and usage.
    </p>
    <h2>3. How We Keep Your Personal Data Safe</h2>
    <h3>3.1. Storing Data</h3>
    <p>If you signed up, your data is stored in data centers in Frankfurt. These are third-party provided data centers from Amazon (see <a target="_blank" href="https://aws.amazon.com">https://aws.amazon.com</a>).</p>
    <h3>3.2. End-to-End Encrypted Data</h3>
    <p>Your files generated via the app on the device is only transmitted when you save it. It is then transmitted securly to the backend servers. Our website at posmo.datamap.io is also encrypted via SSL.</p>
    <h3>3.3. Retention</h3>
    <p>
        We keep your data as long as you want it to be stored with us. At any point, you can delete some or all of your data and/or close your account. When you close your account, we will ask you if you want to donate your data for a restricted research usage only or if you want to completely delete it.
    </p>
    <h2>4. What We May Use Your Personal Data For</h2>
    <h3>4.1. Your Personal View</h3>
    <p>
        We use your personal data to provide you with a personal view of the collected data. You can see your data mapped, you can download the data we collect and you can delete your data.
    </p>
    <h3>4.2. Aggregated Views and Analysis</h3>
    <p>
        We plan to provide aggregated views and analyis over a specific geographical area, for example a city. Once we do that, you will be informed and you retain the right to opt out.
    </p>
    <p>
        For public displays of the data, we will take special care not to reveal your private home or work place.
    </p>
    <h2>5. Who Your Personal Data May Be Shared With</h2>
    <h3>5.1. Third Parties Needed To Run Our Services</h3>
    <p>
        If you use our services, some data will also be exchanged with 3rd parties. Below is the current list of the third parties processing different parts of your data.
    </p>
    <h3>5.1.1. Data Storage</h3>
    <p>Storing of the data, e.g. your POSMO mobility data, on AWS in Frankfurt, Germany. See Amazon AWS (<a target="_blank" href="https://aws.amazon.com">https://aws.amazon.com</a>). </p>
    <p>If you have a project of a substantial size and you need to store your data elsewhere, talk to us. You may email us at privacy@datamap.io with the subject line “Server location”.</p>
    <h3>5.1.2. Newsletter Related Data</h3>
    <p>
        Email for people subscribing to our newsletter. See Mailchimp (<a target="_blank" href="https://mailchimp.com">https://mailchimp.com</a>)
    </p>
    <h3>5.1.3 Credit Card Related Data</h3>
    <p>
        Credit Card information for people paying for our services. See Stripe (<a target="_blank" href="https://stripe.com">https://stripe.com</a>)
    </p>
    <p>
        Datamap does not process payments from users and instead relies on on payment providers like Stripe. It is the payment providers that handle and store your credit card details. Datamap doesn’t have access to this information.
    </p>
    <h3>5.1.4 User Analytics Software</h3>
    <p>Currently we use Google Analytics. See more under 2.5.</p>
    <h3>5.2. Research</h3>
    <p>If we use your personal data in a university research project or similar, we will always inform you either by email or directly when using a specific app. You always have the right to refuse to participate (opt out).Research projects will only be allowed if they also sign the pledge.</p>
    <h3>5.3 Commercial</h3>
    <p>
        Currently nothing is planned here, but if this would become an option, we promise that your data will never be shared with commercial companies without your explicit consent (opt in) ahead of time. Commercial companies will only be allowed if they also sign the pledge.
    </p>
    <h2>6. Your Rights Regarding Your Personal Data</h2>
    <h3>6.1. Your Rights</h3>
    <p>Under applicable data protection legislation and GDPR, you have rights concerning your personal data. You have:</p>
    <ul>
        <li>The right to be informed</li>
        <li>The right of access</li>
        <li>The right to rectification</li>
        <li>The right to erasure</li>
        <li>The right to restrict processing</li>
        <li>The right to data portability</li>
        <li>The right to object</li>
        <li>Rights related to automated decision making and profiling</li>
    </ul>
    <h3>6.2. Exercising Your Rights</h3>
    <p>If you wish to exercise any of these rights, kindly contact us at <a href="mailto:privacy@datamap.io">privacy@datamap.io</a> with the subject line “My rights".</p>
    <p>If you do not agree with Datamap’s requirements, it won't be possible for us to provide you with our Services. You can delete your Datamap account by proceeding to the deactivation page.</p>
    <h2>Footnotes:</h2>
    <ol id="footnotes">
        <li>GDPR: <a target="_blank" href="https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/?qid=1532348683434&uri=CELEX:02016R0679-20160504">https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/?qid=1532348683434&uri=CELEX:02016R0679-20160504</a></li>
        <li>AI4People—An Ethical Framework for a Good AI Society: Opportunities, Risks, Principles, and Recommendations: <a target="_blank" href="https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007%2Fs11023-018-9482-5">https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007%2Fs11023-018-9482-5</a></li>
    </ol>
    <h2>Datamap Pledge</h2>
    <p>I pledge to have read this privacy policy and to act accordingly.</p>

</div>
