<div id="legal-paragraf">
    <p>
        These Terms of Service sets out how we, Datamap AG (“Datamap”), use and protect your personal data that you provide to us, or that is otherwise obtained or generated by us, in connection with your use of our cloud-based services (the “Services”), especially POSMO (“POSMO”). For the purposes of this Terms of Service, ‘we’, ‘us’ and ‘our’ refers to Datamap, and ‘you’ refers to you, the user of the Services.
    </p>
    <h2>1. Scope of the Terms of Service</h2>
    <p>
        The Terms of Service define the terms under which Datamap AG ("Datamap") provides services (the “Services”), especially POSMO (“POSMO”), for the user of the Services ("Users").
        The Privacy Policy is an integral part of the Terms of Service
    </p>
    <p>
        Users are all persons who access the apps and the website, POSMO apps and subsites included.
    </p>
    <p>
        Datamap reserves itself the right to update and change the Terms of Service without further notice or acceptance by the Users.
    </p>
    <p>
        The Terms of Service are also applicable to the use of the Service on a trial basis.
    </p>
    <h2>2. Description of Service</h2>
    <p>
        POSMO is a service that lets Users record their movements and watch it within an app or on a website. Datamap then uses the labeled data by these users to classify the transport modes.
    </p>
    <h2>3. Contractual obligation on registration </h2>
    <p>
        The User provides Datamap with all necessary information, especially with a valid email address and/or his mobile phone number. The User agrees to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about him or herself.
    </p>
    <p>
        The User also agrees to maintain and promptly update the data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. Should there be any problem, please inform us by sending an email to
        <a href="mailto:support@datamap.io">support@datamap.io</a>.
    </p>
    <p>
        The User agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the password and account and is fully responsible for all activities that occur under it. The User is liable for unauthorized uses of the Datamap services, as long as it is his or her fault. If the User knows, that a third party has knowledge of his or her password, he or she should immediately change it or - if this is not possible - inform Datamap about it without any further delay.
    </p>
    <h2>4. Payment Terms </h2>
    <p>
        Certain services or options might be available via a paid subscription. In this case a User opts for a certain service, enters his credit card information and receives a payment confirmation after processing. If the payment process is interrupted, the service or option will not be available and the User will not be billed. Please contact our support via email at <a href="mailto:support@datamap.io">support@datamap.io</a>. 
    </p>
    <p>
        If not mentioned otherwise, all currency references are in US Dollars. Please note, unless Datamap gives notice to the contrary, payment for the service is billed on a recurring basis (monthly or yearly) and is non-refundable.
    </p>
    <p>
        By paying via Stripe (<a target="_blank" href="https://stripe.com">https://stripe.com</a>), Datamap and the User accept Stripe’s Terms of Service. By paying with Credit Cards, the User accepts the Terms of Service of the Credit Card issuer.
    </p>
    <h2>5. Termination</h2>
    <h3>5.1. Termination of a Free Account </h3>
    <p>
        The User can terminate the Services any time.
    </p>
    <h3>5.2. Termination of a Paid Account</h3>
    <p>
        If the User cancels the Services before the end of the term, his or her cancelation will take effect at the end of the paid term only. After cancelation, the client will no longer have access to his account and all information contained therein will be deleted, unless otherwise agreed. Datamap accepts no liability claims for such deleted information or content.
    </p>
    <p>
        Datamap may immediately terminate the Services if the User does infringe the Terms of Service or if the User does something unlawful. The User has to bear all costs which occur during such an immediate dismissal.
    </p>
    <p>
        Further, the User agrees that all terminations shall be made at Datamap’s sole discretion. Datamap shall not be liable to the client or any third-party for any termination of his or her account, any associated email address, or access to the Service.
    </p>
    <h2>7. Terms of Use </h2>
    <p>
        The User is fully responsible for the transmitted data. In case you are unsure if your data needs  a lot of bandwith, please contact us and get our approval. <br>If you spam the service, we will immediately suspend or terminate your account.
    </p>
    <h2>8. Liability</h2>
    <p>
        Datamap will make reasonable efforts to maintain the service. The use of the account is nevertheless at the sole risk of the client.
    </p>
    <p>
        Datamap does not warrant that the service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free. Datamap is not responsible for any damage which has been caused by third parties (virus, hacking etc.). The information provided by the client as well as the claims by any third party lies only within the responsibility of the client. Datamap is also not responsible for any other damage (problems occuring during data transmissions, loss of data, customer information or vendor data, etc.).
    </p>
    <p>
        Datamap is not liable in case of access or transmission problems occuring with a third party (for example T-Mobile, Swisscom, Verizon, Vodafone etc.) or due to force majeure, repairs, maintenance or introduction of new technologies.
    </p>
    <p>
        Datamap could only made responsible in an act of gross negligence by Datamap itself. The gross negligence has to be proven by the party which will make the claim. The liability is maximum the price of an account for one year.
    </p>
    <p>
        Datamap reserves itself the right to sue for damages all clients which misuse data or use it for a criminal purpose, hack or attack the Datamap infrastructure. Datamap reserves itself also the right to sue all clients who disrespect the rules in these Terms of Service.
    </p>
    <h2>9. In case of dysfunctions</h2>
    <p>
        To help our clients, send an email to <a href="mailto:support@datamap.io">support@datamap.io</a>
    </p>
    <p>
        In case of dysfunctions, Datamap tries to act as quickly as possible. No claims can be made, if the service is temporarily unavailable due to dysfunctions, repairs, introduction or installation of new technologies or similar cases.
    </p>
    <p>
        If there are special requirements concerning the availability of the service, they have to be arranged in a separate Service Level Agreement (SLA).
    </p>
    <h2>10. Invalidity of parts of the terms of service</h2>
    <p>
        Should parts of these Terms of Service be effectless or be considered void or invalid, other parts should not be touched by this. They remain intact and valid. The void or invalid parts have to be replaced by similar, legally valid terms.
    </p>
    <h2>11. Place of jurisdiction</h2>
    <p>
        These Terms of Service are governed by Swiss law. The place of jurisdiction is Zurich, Switzerland. Datamap has however the right to sue a client at any legal venue.
    </p>

</div>
